Walk past the large picture and chair. Walk past the dining room table turn right into the hallway and stop.
Go straight and pass the bar with the chair/stools then pass the clear glass table with the white chairs and turn right. Wait in that hallway.
With the painting of the mermaid towards your right, head straight. After passing the counter towards your right, turn right and wait.
Walk to the foot of the bed and to a little sitting area.  Go through the door on the left side.  Stop once you have stepped into the bathroom.
Walk past the television and around the bed and stop across from the shower.
Turn left and walk to the end of the bed. Walk through the door at the end of the bed. Turn left and take two steps into the bathroom and stop.
Go straight and slightly right toward the glass table and white chairs. Pass the table and head straight, pass the couches and go into the room straight ahead. Wait by the bed.
Go into the dining room, passed at the glass wall on the right, go straight into the bedroom doorway and stop.
Walk forward pas the dining table, and living room. Enter the bedroom at the end of the hall. Stop once you pass the door.
Exit the bathroom, cross the room passed the black doors on the right and then go to the right, passed the room with white counters in it, then go to the spot between the glass wall and the third counter chair.
Exit the bathroom. Go straight and slightly right to continue down the hallway. Wait near the bar with the stools/chairs.
Exit the bathroom and go to the table. Stop near the television.
Go stand behind the middle kitchen island chair.
Walk across living room to kitchen bar. Stop at bar stools.
Walk past the dining table and take a right. Stop once you pass the second stool on the left.
Walk behind the couch and turn left.  Stop beside the middle stool.
Walk behind the back of the sofa and turn left.  walk into the dining room area and stand next to the chair.
Go straight passed the couch, turn left and go straight and wait near the counter.
Walk straight, and when you reach the end of the table turn right.  Wait by the brass chairs.
Turn right. Take another right after the white chairs and wait next to the counter with the bar stools.
Turn right. Go across the room and stop at the middle bar stool.
Walk straight through the living room with the couch on your right. Go through the doorway into the bedroom at the end of the walkway. In the bedroom take a left and stop in the entry way just before the rug.
Walk through the living room area passed the curved couch.  Walk through the doorway and into the bedroom area. Walk passed the foot of the bed and into the lounge area with the sofa.
Walk out of the dining area and walk straight into the bedroom that's past the living room. When in the bedroom take a left into the sitting area in the bedroom. Wait in the sitting area.
Exit the bedroom, enter the bathroom, wait at the toilet.
Walk to the doorway next to the bedroom. Walk straight to the shower door.
Go through the open doorway near the bed. continue through the bathroom until you reach the thermostat near the shower.